What bug is lying on my heart?
You must be scaring people
I don't believe it.
And if it's true?
If it's true, I can call you dad
This is what you said, don't go back on it.
Who repents and who is a puppy?
OK
Wait. What are you doing here?
I'm here to pick up the bug clothes and pull something down
Could it be that you still want to be naked? Don't worry.
I won't be mad at you
Besides, isn't Sister Yue still here?
That's about it.
Even if Sister Yue is not here
I'm not crazy about you, huh?
Hurry up
Are you ready?
All right.
Okay, why don't I see a single hair?
I told you so.
Are you trying to scare me?
Zhao Yue, don't blame me for not giving you face to face
See how I call to pick up the stick